README.md, before:

# Course Question Bank - CS 169 Project
[![Heroku](https://heroku-badge.herokuapp.com/?app=heroku-badge&style=flat)](http://coursequestionbank-f17.herokuapp.com)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank/coverage)
<span style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" ><a style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1544183">PivotalTracker</a></span>

# Video Links

Client Entry Video - https://youtu.be/oNJuf9Z29W0 

Intro Screencast Video - https://youtu.be/EVNBPCu02wQ

Final Screencast Video - https://youtu.be/DiDK1wS4gyU

# User Guide
See the [Wiki](https://github.com/saasbook/coursequestionbank/wiki).

## Running or Testing Locally (Cloud9 Development)

You need to run a Solr process during local development (or Cloud9 for those who used it). So after cloning the repository, run:

`git fetch --all`

`git checkout fall2017_features`

`bundle install --without production` 

Now, on two new terminals, run `redis-server` and `bundle exec sidekiq -q high` respectively.
Returning to the first terminal, run:

`rake all`

`rake run`

`rake features`

`rake spec`

to start the application. To see your application running on Cloud 9, run:

`rails s -b $IP -p $PORT`

To stop the application, run `bundle exec sunspot-solr stop` (basically the steps in `.travis.yml`). And the config in `sunspot.yml` should enable the app to connect properly.

When running locally, you can click the "Dev Login" button and login as either `saas` (Instructor privilege) or `saas-admin` (Admin privilege) with no password needed.

## Deployment

Currently set up to deploy to Heroku.  

0. Provision a Heroku app and add the Websolr and Rollbar addons.  There is a Websolr
worker that periodically re-indexes the questions so that keyword search
will work; you can run it manually with `heroku run rake
sunspot:solr:reindex`

0. Login to your GitHub account, go to Settings, then OAuth
applications.  Click "Register new application" and fill in the fields
as follows:
  * Application name: something you or your students will recognize
  * Homepage URL: `https://`_yourappname_`.herokuapp.com`
  * Description: something your students will recognize, or can leave
  blank
  * Callback URL: `https://`_yourappname_`.herokuapp.com/auth/github/callback`
Make note of the "Client ID" and "Client Secret" GitHub assigns when you
register the app.

0. In the Rollbar addon for Heroku, generate a Rollbar access token if
you don't already have one.

0. You now need to tell Heroku the GitHub client and secret as well as the
Rollbar access token.  You can do this two ways.
  * Manually: in the Heroku app dashboard, go to Config Variables and
  manually enter values for `github_key`, `github_secret`, and
  `ROLLBAR_ACCESS_TOKEN` (case is significant).
  * Semi-automatically: The app expects to find a
[Figaro](https://github.com/laserlemon/figaro)-friendly
`config/application.yml` file with the keys `github_key` (client ID),
`github_secret`, and `ROLLBAR_ACCESS_TOKEN`.  Create the file, then run `figaro heroku:set -e
production` to propagate these values ti Heroku.

0. Deploy:  `git push heroku master`

0. Setup the remote database: `heroku run rake db:migrate`

0. Create the initial admin user based on their GitHub username: `heroku
run rake setup:add_admin[github-username-here]`

You should now be able to login.

Commit message:

Removed all references to highcharts in gemfile and code, since it was there to support some features that we removed anyway (showing graphs of first-time-correct etc stats next to each problem, which was unwieldy). Removed empty coffeescript files. Added config.force_ssl in production.rb to finally get rid of that 'redirect mismatch' on login if initial visit is via http. Removed obsolete/incompatible config/environments/ options for Rails 4.

README.md, after:

# Course Question Bank - CS 169 Project
[![Heroku](https://heroku-badge.herokuapp.com/?app=heroku-badge&style=flat)](http://coursequestionbank-f17.herokuapp.com)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/hrzlvn/coursequestionbank/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Laralinmcc/coursequestionbank/coverage)
<span style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" ><a style="background-color: blue; text-decoration:none; font: Verdana 7px bold; color:white; padding: 2px; margin: 2px;" href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1544183">PivotalTracker</a></span>

# Video Links

Client Entry Video - https://youtu.be/oNJuf9Z29W0 

Intro Screencast Video - https://youtu.be/EVNBPCu02wQ

Final Screencast Video - https://youtu.be/DiDK1wS4gyU

# User Guide
See the [Wiki](https://github.com/saasbook/coursequestionbank/wiki).

## Running or Testing Locally (Cloud9 Development)

You need Redis and Solr installed locally to do development.

For recent MacOS versions using Homebrew (at least as of High Sierra),
you can `brew install redis` and `brew install solr`.

To run locally:

1. `solr start`; after a 15-30 second startup time, it will run in the background
2. Start `redis-server`
3. In another terminal, `bundle exec sidekiq -q high`
4. In yet another, start the app

When done, to stop the application, run `bundle exec sunspot-solr stop` (basically the steps in `.travis.yml`). And the config in `sunspot.yml` should enable the app to connect properly.

When running locally, you can click the "Dev Login" button and login as either `saas` (Instructor privilege) or `saas-admin` (Admin privilege) with no password needed.

## Deployment

Currently set up to deploy to Heroku.  

0. Provision a Heroku app and add the Websolr and Rollbar addons.  There is a Websolr
worker that periodically re-indexes the questions so that keyword search
will work; you can run it manually with `heroku run rake
sunspot:solr:reindex`

0. Login to your GitHub account, go to Settings, then OAuth
applications.  Click "Register new application" and fill in the fields
as follows:
  * Application name: something you or your students will recognize
  * Homepage URL: `https://`_yourappname_`.herokuapp.com`
  * Description: something your students will recognize, or can leave
  blank
  * Callback URL: `https://`_yourappname_`.herokuapp.com/auth/github/callback`
Make note of the "Client ID" and "Client Secret" GitHub assigns when you
register the app.

0. In the Rollbar addon for Heroku, generate a Rollbar access token if
you don't already have one.

0. You now need to tell Heroku the GitHub client and secret as well as the
Rollbar access token.  You can do this two ways.
  * Manually: in the Heroku app dashboard, go to Config Variables and
  manually enter values for `github_key`, `github_secret`, and
  `ROLLBAR_ACCESS_TOKEN` (case is significant).
  * Semi-automatically: The app expects to find a
[Figaro](https://github.com/laserlemon/figaro)-friendly
`config/application.yml` file with the keys `github_key` (client ID),
`github_secret`, and `ROLLBAR_ACCESS_TOKEN`.  Create the file, then run `figaro heroku:set -e
production` to propagate these values ti Heroku.

0. Deploy:  `git push heroku master`

0. Setup the remote database: `heroku run rake db:migrate`

0. Create the initial admin user based on their GitHub username: `heroku
run rake setup:add_admin[github-username-here]`

You should now be able to login.
